FFL-900 Reintroduce Flags SDK (#1146)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: packages/react-native-openfeature/README.md

# Datadog OpenFeature Provider for React Native

> Use [OpenFeature][1] with [Datadog Feature Flags][2] to evaluate feature flags and send evaluation data to Datadog for analysis and experimentation.
> 
> This package provides an OpenFeature-compatible provider that wraps Datadog's Feature Flags SDK.
> 
> ## What is OpenFeature?
> 
> OpenFeature is a vendor-neutral, community-driven specification and SDK for feature flagging. It provides a unified API for feature flag evaluation that works across different providers, so you can switch vendors or integrate multiple feature flag systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [OpenFeature][1] with [Datadog Feature Flags][2] to evaluate feature flags and send evaluation data to Datadog for analysis and experimentation.

OpenFeature is a vendor-neutral, community-driven specification and SDK for feature flagging. It provides a unified API for feature flag evaluation that works across different providers. This enables you to switch vendors or integrate multiple feature flag systems.

This package provides an OpenFeature-compatible provider that wraps Datadog's Feature Flags SDK.
```

Author: Given these are minor, I'd like to move forward merging this PR and opening a subsequent PR to address these comments 🙏

Author: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative/pull/1149

## Setup

**Note**: This package is an integration for the [OpenFeature React SDK][1]. Install and set up the core [`@datadog/mobile-react-native`][3] SDK to start using Datadog Feature Flags.

To install with NPM, run:

```sh
npm install @datadog/mobile-react-native @datadog/mobile-react-native-openfeature @openfeature/react-sdk
```

To install with Yarn, run:

```sh
yarn add @datadog/mobile-react-native @datadog/mobile-react-native-openfeature @openfeature/react-sdk
```

## Usage

### Initialize the Datadog SDK and OpenFeature

> Use the example code snippet below to initialize the Datadog SDK, enable the Feature Flags feature, and set up the OpenFeature provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following example code snippet to initialize the Datadog SDK, enable the Feature Flags feature, and set up the OpenFeature provider.
```

```tsx
import { CoreConfiguration, DatadogProvider, DdFlags } from '@datadog/mobile-react-native';
import { DatadogOpenFeatureProvider } from '@datadog/mobile-react-native-openfeature';
import { OpenFeature } from '@openfeature/react-sdk';

(async () => {
    // Follow the core Datadog SDK initialization guide.
    const config = new CoreConfiguration(
        // ...
    );
    await DdSdkReactNative.initialize(config);

    // Enable Datadog Flags feature after the core SDK has been initialized.
    await DdFlags.enable();

    // Set the Datadog provider with OpenFeature.
    const provider = new DatadogOpenFeatureProvider();
    OpenFeature.setProvider(provider);
})();

> // Or, if using `<DatadogProvider />` for core SDK initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Alternatively, if using `<DatadogProvider />` for core SDK initialization:
```

<DatadogProvider
    configuration={coreConfiguration}
    onInitialized={async () => {
        await DdFlags.enable();

        const provider = new DatadogOpenFeatureProvider();
        OpenFeature.setProvider(provider);
    }}
>
    {/* ... */}
</DatadogProvider>
```

After completing this setup, your app is ready for flag evaluation with OpenFeature.

> > **Note**: Sending flag evaluation data to Datadog is automatically enabled when using the Feature Flags SDK. Provide `rumIntegrationEnabled` and `trackExposures` parameters to the `DdFlags.enable()` call to configure this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Sending flag evaluation data to Datadog is automatically enabled when using the Feature Flags SDK. Provide `rumIntegrationEnabled` and `trackExposures` parameters to the `DdFlags.enable()` call to configure.
```
